.TH AIRO 1 "December 2025" "AIRO" "AIRO Manual"
.SH NAME
airo \- All In One RedOps toolkit runner
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B airo
.RI [ flags ] " command " [ args ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
AIRO is a modular red/purple-team toolkit that provides 150+ commands for recon, scanning, web, mobile, OSINT, and reporting. Commands are lazy-loaded from modules.
.SH FLAGS
.TP
.B --fast, --unsafe
Disable prompts, remove delays, and raise rate limits (requires
.BR --force ).
.TP
.B --force
Required with
.BR --fast / --unsafe .
.TP
.B --safe
Re-enable prompts and safer defaults.
.TP
.B --no-delay
Set scan delay to 0.
.TP
.B --delay=\fIseconds\fR
Set scan delay.
.TP
.B --rate-limit=\fIpps\fR
Set rate limit.
.TP
.B --dry-run
Show what would execute without running.
.TP
.B --verbose
More detail with
.BR --dry-run .
.TP
.B --debug
Enable bash tracing.
.TP
.B --proxy \fIurl\fR
Route HTTP tools through proxy.
.TP
.B --tor
Use Tor (socks5h://127.0.0.1:9050).
.TP
.B --user-agent \fIua\fR
Set User-Agent.
.TP
.B --jitter \fIseconds\fR
Add random delay jitter.
.TP
.B --json-log
Write JSON logs to cache.
.SH COMMANDS
Run
.BR "airo help" ,
.BR "airo modules" ,
or see
.B docs/COMMANDS.md
for the full list.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/airo
Config directory.
.TP
.I $XDG_DATA_HOME/airo
Data directory.
.TP
.I $XDG_CACHE_HOME/airo
Cache and logs.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B airo netscan 192.168.1.0/24
Scan a subnet.
.TP
.B airo --dry-run --verbose reconall example.com
Show recon commands without executing.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bash (1)
